

; ... Variable defs at the top? ...


;Look into "educational license"...


;the flattened length of a tactic (subroutines inlined) should be less than 2 printed pages.
;the un-flattened length should be less than 1 page and should "look inviting"... "tell a story"?

;End with a pedagogical post-mortem, not a congratulations...
;  Metacognition phase

;Design guidelines:
;  1) Avoid relay-instructions.  E.g. instead of an instruction to the coach to "tell the students to do X", instruct them directly with (instruction students X) 
;  2) Exception to above: "The following vote will deside..." or "When I tap your head, it means ..."  These are forward-pointing instructions that augment a later instruction with new meaning or consequences.  They are necessary when everyone needs to be in sync and in agreement about what is about to happen.  It can be used in place of giving an instruction to a group -- especially when that group is being "acted upon" rather than acting...


;ACE
;simple sentence (assertion)
; subject + verb + compliments + adjuncts

; subject = [adj] + noun

;Like ACE, but needs more of an algorithmic "flavor" to it.  Less about facts and more about sequence, loops, branching, and information move/update/destroy/query.  Should read like English but have a level of formality to it that allows for 1) good typsetting, and 2) actual computer execution (e.g. to generate examples or estimate cost calculations)

;  Designation of places, sub-groups of people, configurations of people and information in space, 


;Design constraints:
; 1) A language for describing tactics to teachers and students
; 2) Formal enough to do simulations of (interpereter for the lang can be built).  
;    (Though it may be hard to simulate player's actions in an authentic way.  AI bots are always hard to build.)
; 3) Can auto generate an example round, with pictures
; 4) Can print the English on a card, easy-to-read, diagrams, sparse text
; 5) Supports abstract descriptions: e.g. "Write the kata code on the whiteboard."  As well as concrete descriptions: "Write the following code on the whiteboard: (battlearena-game (custom-avatar))"

